Editorial review: Document popover="hint" (#37990)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlbuttonelement/popovertargetelement/index.md

It is the JavaScript equivalent of the [`popovertarget`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button#popovertarget) HTML attribute.

> Associating a popover with a control using the `popoverTargetElement` property creates an implicit anchor reference between the two. This makes it very convenient to position popovers relative to their controls using [CSS anchor positioning](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_anchor_positioning). Explicit associations do not need to be made using the {{cssxref("anchor-name")}} and {{cssxref("position-anchor")}} properties.

Reviewer: This wording sounds like something you "do", but actually it is something you benefit from.

```suggestion
Associating a popover with a control using the `popoverTargetElement` property also automatically positions popovers relative to their controls.
The association creates an implicit [CSS anchor positioning](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_anchor_positioning) anchor reference between the two elements (there is no need to create an explicit association using the {{cssxref("anchor-name")}} and {{cssxref("position-anchor")}} properties).
```

BUT, you might want to say how you can override this default layout?

Author: This suggestion is not right, for the reasons discussed in the earlier comment on the same subject.

To be clear, there is no default positioning between a positioned element and its anchor. You have to specify that yourself. There is an explicit positioning of a popover element, but the "using" guide explains how to override that if you want to.

No change here. Let me know if you still think it needs something, given the above explanation.
